Creating a new Dragonstone


First we will need to make the dragonstone

1. Go to the item editor and find an unused item space (can allocate more I needed). You need to start from scratch with a new item (not copy pasted from the original dragon stone) because we will need to allocate a new stat boost (If you copy paste from the original dragonstone the stat boost pointer will point to the same address as the original dragonstone and you will be unable to separate them to give each stone distinct stat boosts.

2. Set the item type to "0B=Dragonstone/Monster Weapon". Set the level to 0 (or it will be unequippable). Set the WEXP to 0.

3. The name, icon, description, use screen description, stats, price, and additional damage type can be set to whatever you like. 

4. Click "Write to ROM".





Net we will need to make sure our manakete class(es) can use the new dragonstone.

1. Click on the "Battle Animations" button in the advanced editor to bring up the battle animations editor.

2. In the upper section find your manakete class(es). By default they can use two items: item and dragonstone.

3. Click the data expansion button and reallocate enough space for the number of dragonstones you plan to make.

4. Set the weapon type to be your new dragonstone. Set the special to be "0=item specification"

5. Click "Write to ROM"






Now we need to set the animations for a manakete. To do this we will need a patch.

1. Click on the "Patch" button in the advanced editor and search "battle transform" in the patch tool to find it. There will be an installer and an editor. You will need to install it before you can use the editor so select the installer and click "write" in the top right corner.

2. Now select the editor and you should see an editing tool in the right portion of the Patch window.

3. In the vanilla ROM the only manakete is Myrrh and the only dragonstone is her dragonstone, so first you need to allocate more space to set the animations for each manakete class to use with each type of dragonstone.

4. Next simply go through setting the animation for each manakete class to use for each type of stone. There are four animations for each combination, the first is the transformation, the second is the battle animation, the third is the reversion, and the fourth is the unarmed animation. 





You might be wondering "Now that I've made this dragonstone, how do I actually obtain it in the game?" There are a million ways you could do this but I recommend either putting a chest in a map (tower of valni or lagdou ruins if you're working with a vanilla) or making it for sale at a shop. See my guides on shops/armories or on map editing and creation.

